To get the functions to work in your prototype, your script needs to send SQL to Oracle correctly. There are several ways this can go wrong, especially with INSERT and UPDATE queries. Read this note for advice on how to debug a script. 
Especially when you are trying to build the more complex SQL queries, there are several places you can go wrong.
You might fail to match the correct input name in your form. Check this by adding a line something like this in your VB script, after it has read the data from the web form, but before it tries to do anything else.
Response.Write = "Input field one is " & input_field_name & "<br />"
You might get the value from the web form correctly but fail to transfer it into your SQL. Or you might have some other syntax error in your SQL. I have advised you elsewhere to check your SQL directly in Oracle. You can also make an SQL query visible before the script sends it to Oracle. Do this by adding a line something like this in your VB script, after it has assembled the SQL query, but before the DBConn.Execute line that sends it to Oracle.
Response.Write = "The SQL query is " & QueryToRun & "<br />"
The key to successful debugging is to make your data visible at each point during programme execution. Using code like the examples above will help you see what is happening at each stage as your script runs. If your SQL does not actually work, the trick is to see what your script is trying to send to Oracle. This can help you find where - and what - the problem is.
Once it is all working correctly, you can comment out these debugging lines (put a REM or ; at the start of the line). This is preferable to deleting them, because you may need them again later if you make any changes. Also, it will make a favourable impression on me if I see that you have used this approach.